README.md, before:

### What's up, my name is [Rowan][website] ✌🏽

## I'm a Software Engineer, Entrepreneur, and lifetime learner!
- 📝 I’m currently working on a cross-platform Fitness application (Express/Next/Flutter) for my Final Year Project and using Laravel to create a blog for one of my modules (available on my GH asap)!
- 🌱 I'm currently learning so much in many areas (I keep a reading list too if you're interested)!🤣
    - Philosophy 🤔
    - Psychology 🧠
    - Business 📈
    - Finance 💰
    - Personal Development 📚
- 🎯 2022 Goals: Experiment with a broader range of web based technologies and make more consistent use of containerization - I'm looking to produce more well engineered code!
- 🏀 Fun fact: I'm super into basketball and love to play anywhere and everywhere!


### Where you can find me:

[<img align="left" alt="Rowan Aldean | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="github.io" width="22px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iconic/open-iconic/master/svg/globe.svg" />][website]
[<img align="left" alt="Rowan Aldean | YouTube" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/youtube.svg" />][youtube]

<br />

### Languages and Tools:

<img align="left" alt="Java" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/java/java.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Python" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/python/python.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="jQuery" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/jquery/jquery.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Bootstrap" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/bootstrap/bootstrap.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Sass" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sass/sass.png"/>
<img align="left" alt="Unity" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/unity/unity.png"/>
<img align="left" alt="C-Sharp" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/csharp/csharp.png" />
<img align="left" alt="VS Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png"/>
<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mysql/mysql.png"/>
<img align="left" alt="PHP" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/ccc16358ac4530c6a69b1b80c7223cd2744dea83/topics/php/php.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png"/>
<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png"/>

<br />

---

[![Rowan's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=rowanaldean&show_icons=true&count_private=true&theme=buefy&hide=issues,contribs&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=rowanaldean&layout=compact&theme=buefy)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

---
📺 Sometimes I post YouTube Videos! Recent ones will be here ↓↓↓
<!-- YOUTUBE:START -->
- [&lpar;READ DESC&rpar; Making 2D games using JavaFX! Kitchen Catastrophe V1 CS230 Video Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPakI8p3xQA)
- [Working on games using JavaFX! Kitchen Catastrophe V2 CS235 Video Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Upq4GQy_ujI)
- [How to create a minigame using JavaFX! Kitchen Catastrophe V3 CS235 User Research Video Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9PwPViuhuk)
- [Ride-hailing Services CS130 Video Presentation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9PGQjApeEw)
<!-- YOUTUBE:END -->

[aldean-software]: https://www.aldeansoftware.com/case-study/driven-daily
[website]: https://rowanaldean.github.io/
[youtube]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFNwcJUO-5aeU3b7-mh3kdw
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/raldean/

Commit message:

Updated my active project and goals.

README.md, after:

### What's up, my name is [Rowan][website] ✌🏽

## I'm a Software Engineer, Entrepreneur, and lifetime learner!
- 📝 I’m currently working on my personal website and brand - this is a Jamstack website using Strapi and Gatsby however i'm still in the discovery phase and development should be in steady progress (whenever you're reading this!)
- 🌱 I'm currently learning so much in many areas (I keep a reading list too if you're interested)!🤣
    - Philosophy 🤔
    - Psychology 🧠
    - Business 📈
    - Finance 💰
    - Personal Development 📚
- 🎯 2022 Goals: Greatly improve as a C# engineer and improve my high level architectural skills and understanding. This'll be achieved through both my professional job and personal projects as well as conscious reading and the pursuit of my AWS certifications.
- 🏀 Fun fact: I'm super into basketball and love to play anywhere and everywhere!


### Where you can find me:

[<img align="left" alt="Rowan Aldean | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="github.io" width="22px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iconic/open-iconic/master/svg/globe.svg" />][website]
[<img align="left" alt="Rowan Aldean | YouTube" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/youtube.svg" />][youtube]

<br />

### Languages and Tools:

<img align="left" alt="Java" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/java/java.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Python" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/python/python.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="jQuery" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/jquery/jquery.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Bootstrap" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/bootstrap/bootstrap.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Sass" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sass/sass.png"/>
<img align="left" alt="Unity" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/unity/unity.png"/>
<img align="left" alt="C-Sharp" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/csharp/csharp.png" />
<img align="left" alt="VS Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png"/>
<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mysql/mysql.png"/>
<img align="left" alt="PHP" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/ccc16358ac4530c6a69b1b80c7223cd2744dea83/topics/php/php.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png"/>
<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png"/>

<br />

---

[![Rowan's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=rowanaldean&show_icons=true&count_private=true&theme=buefy&hide=issues,contribs&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=rowanaldean&layout=compact&theme=buefy)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

---
📺 Sometimes I post YouTube Videos! Recent ones will be here ↓↓↓
<!-- YOUTUBE:START -->
- [&lpar;READ DESC&rpar; Making 2D games using JavaFX! Kitchen Catastrophe V1 CS230 Video Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPakI8p3xQA)
- [Working on games using JavaFX! Kitchen Catastrophe V2 CS235 Video Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Upq4GQy_ujI)
- [How to create a minigame using JavaFX! Kitchen Catastrophe V3 CS235 User Research Video Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9PwPViuhuk)
- [Ride-hailing Services CS130 Video Presentation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9PGQjApeEw)
<!-- YOUTUBE:END -->

[aldean-software]: https://www.aldeansoftware.com/case-study/driven-daily
[website]: https://rowanaldean.github.io/
[youtube]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFNwcJUO-5aeU3b7-mh3kdw
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/raldean/
